Add link to Adminer and phpMyAdmin on osc-fr1 (#658)
Scalingo/documentation: _posts/databases/mysql/2000-01-01-start.md

### phpMyAdmin

> phpMyAdmin instances are available. Their addresses depend on the region your database is hosted on:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
phpMyAdmin instances are available in each region. Choose the one hosted in the region where your database is hosted.
```

- `agora-fr1`: [https://phpmyadmin.scalingo.io](https://phpmyadmin.scalingo.io). 
- `osc-fr1`: [https://phpmyadmin.osc-fr1.scalingo.io](https://phpmyadmin.osc-fr1.scalingo.io). 

The server, username and
password fields must be filled with the information in your `SCALINGO_MYSQL_URL` environment
variable. Note that the *server* input should be in the form *host:port*.

### Adminer

> Adminer instances are available. Their addresses depend on the region your database is hosted on:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adminer instances are available in each region. Choose the one hosted in the region where your database is hosted.
```
